It's so hard, of course.
I heard that Wang Shao spent a lot of money
Professional black ball players from Vegas
Li Yan, who is this?
My bodyguard
He'll thunder later.
No, Yunyan, are you looking for no one?
This pole is as thin as a horse pole
Is it the kind that will fall when the wind blows?
No, he's great
I'll try it.
Don't try grandpa makes you have to win
What do you mean?
that
Hurry up and slap in the face
Come on!
Except for my mom
Also, if you lose, you have to marry Wang Tian
Don't worry.
I'm just fighting this half life
Won't let you marry him
Yo, long time no see.
Are you going to be tired too?
The last time you used the space group to trap Master Xiao
I haven't settled the bill with you yet.
This kind of arena is also dead
This card has 3 million
Take him and kneel and kowtow in public
Then get out